doc: a light client is associated with only one chain (#476)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/overview.md

IBC Clients are light clients (identified by a unique client-id) that track the consensus states of
other blockchains, along with the proof spec necessary to properly verify proofs against the

> client's consensus state. A client may be associated with any number of connections to one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client's consensus state. A client may be associated with any number of connections to the counterparty
```
